GH-3946: Revise Router channelKeyFallback option (#3948)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/whats-new.adoc

See <<./scatter-gather.adoc#scatter-gather,Scatter-Gather>> for more information.

> Another convenient behaviour change has been done for an `AbstractMappingMessageRouter`.
> Now setting a `defaultOutputChannel` also resets a `channelKeyFallback` to `false`, so no attempts to resolve channel from its key, but immediate fallback to `defaultOutputChannel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another convenient behavior change has been made to the `AbstractMappingMessageRouter`.
Now, setting a `defaultOutputChannel` also resets the `channelKeyFallback` property to `false`, so no attempts will be made to resolve a channel from its key, but the logic immediately falls back to sending the mesage to the `defaultOutputChannel`.
```
